feat: make it possible to run `install.js` script with `puppeteer-core` (#5325)
puppeteer/puppeteer: docs/api.md

However, you should use `puppeteer-core` if:
- you're building another end-user product or library atop of DevTools protocol. For example, one might build a PDF generator using `puppeteer-core` and write a custom `install.js` script that downloads [`headless_shell`](https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/lkgr/headless/README.md) instead of Chromium to save disk space.
- you're bundling Puppeteer to use in Chrome Extension / browser with the DevTools protocol where downloading an additional Chromium binary is unnecessary.

> - you're building a set of tools where `puppeteer-core` is one of the ingridients and you want to postponed `install.js` script execution until Chromium is about to be used.

Author: ```suggestion
- you're building a set of tools where `puppeteer-core` is one of the ingredients and you want to postpone `install.js` script execution until Chromium is about to be used.
```
